Risks in Giving Loans
    Not granting the loan to customer who can repay (Non-defaulter) (risk of business loss)
    Granting loan to customer who cannot repay (Defaulter) (risk of financial loss)
    
Task
    Identify patterns that help determine wheather is customer is likely to default or not
    Find top 10 variable that help in understanding the default rates
    
    
Analysis
    Univariate Analysis
        Goal is to understand a particular variable/column.. see patterns, distributions
        Unordered Categorical Variables
            Power-law distribution
                straight line in log-log scale
                indicates preferential attachment... wealth creates more wealth, artist with good records gets more records
                not sure what insight will it give in loan defauls... skipping for now
        Ordered Categorical Variables
            Ordered Categorical Histograms
                Peaks indicating rounding-off meter readings
                Peaks indicating laziness in recording meter readings
                Peaks indicating grace marks to pass the students
        Quantitative Variables
            Transform to Ordered Categorical
                Binning in various ranges and getting same insights as ordered categorical
            Summary Metrics
                Mean, median, std deviation, quartiles, outliers
                
    Segmented Univariate Analysis
        How different Segments compare to each other (on categorical variables)
            Create segments (groupby) on basis of categorical variables
            Summarize on segments - compare mean, median, target variable etc. across segments
            
    Bivariate Analysis (analysing pairs of variables)
        Does one variable influence another. Find out what influences what
        Continuous Variables
            variables that can add up, numbers basically
            see if one rises, the other also rises (correlation)
            
        Categorical Variables
            variables on which we can groupby/segment
            groupby multiple aspects and see the impacts on the target variable
            natural extention of segmented univariate for two variables
            
    Derived Metrics
            
Understanding of Columns
    loan_amnt
        amount requested by applicant
    funded_amnt
        amount suggested by lending club (lending club doesnt provide loan it just suggests, investors provide)
        SME says not useful [???]
    funded_amnt_inv
        amount lended by investors (Final amount received)
    emp_length
        convert to text
    
    Types of Variables
        Variables related to applicant
            occupation, emp_length, zip_code, address, desc, etc. demographic
        Variables related Loan characteristics
            loan_amnt, interst rate, grade, sub-grade, etc.
        Variables related Customer behaviour variables
            delinquent 2 years, revolution, etc.
            
    A very important thing to notice is that the information related to Customer behaviour variables will not be available when the customer applies for the loan. This information will start gettting recorded depending to the customer behaviour after he has recieved the loan. However, we need to make our risk analysis when the customer applies for the loan. So, it is advised to not make use of these Customer behavious variables in predicting defaults as ideally they won't be available at the time of assesment.
    